Add more details on integration doc for the refusal case. (#646)
commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration: extension/docs/WebComponentsIntegrationGuide.md

### Adyen payment refusals

> If you receive an `HTTP 200 response` with an `Error` or `Refused` resultCode from Adyen, a transaction will be added to the commercetools payment object as the refusal result of the payment request.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you receive an `HTTP 200 response` with an `Error` or `Refused` resultCode from Adyen, a transaction with a `Failure` state will be added to the commercetools payment object. Payment objects with failed transactions can not be reused for further retries. In order to retry the payment process a new commercetools payment resource needs to be created and payment steps like `makePaymentRequest` etc. re-applied.
```

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/646/commits/8a1dbe2f5b2695d8b89b2c9f44e5bedbb9a2e5a1

> Use the commercetools payment `interface interactions` to [troubleshoot](#extension-module-errors) the response.

Reviewer: Maybe better to link interactions with the commercetools docs? 
Linking to troubleshoot couple lines above does not seem helpful as it does not provide more infos.

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/646/commits/8774071da255b4dfc47f8a77d03b5381e20514fc

| Refused| Authorization (Failure)|
| Error| Authorization (Failure)|

After resolving the issue on the refused payment request, to be able to retry the request existing payment should not be reused, instead a new commercetools payment resource needs to be created and added to the appropriate cart, please refer [creating a commercetools payment](#step-2-creating-a-commercetools-payment) section for more details.

> 

Reviewer: I guess we can skip it if we use the suggested text above.

Author: https://github.com/commercetools/commercetools-adyen-integration/pull/646/commits/7bd98ae20f6a163a178b319106d9f84177815e9f
